Ah, mom, it hurts!
Why didn't you save me? Why did you fall and kill me?
What about children?
Miss Qiao, you and the child are all right
When the president found out that you were kidnapped to the rooftop
Let someone install an airbag underneath
Baby
You guys are really brave.
Mom almost didn't protect you well
But luckily your dad planned ahead
How can there be such a heartless woman?
How stupid are you?
You've been kidnapped 100,000 time
You don't deserve to call the police
Mr. Long, you have time to blame me here
It's better to take care of your wicked fiancee
Miss Tian
When the CEO saw you fall off the rooftop
Are you free?
Need you to say
I'm almost terrified, and I'm falling out of love with you
Hey, I didn't sleep all night, I didn't sleep either.
I guess you ordered it.
Poor
The school beauty is also the father's child's
Brother Long, what can you do?
Ah Long
Are you noisy?
What do you mean?
If you dare to die again
I will lift it immediately
Why do you care so much about children?
Never because
Any woman has ever been treated this way
The child in her belly
Has it not changed?